Added a custom SASL config option to the Topic Operator #5473 (#9606)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

* Fix NullPointerException from missing listenerConfig when using custom auth
* Added support for Kafka Exporter `offset.show-all` parameter
* Improve broker scale-down prevention to continue in reconciliation when scale-down cannot be executed

> * Added support for `custom` SASL config in standalone Topic Operator installs to support Cloud Provider alternate access controlles i.e. `IAM` in `AWS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for `custom` SASL config in standalone Topic Operator deployment to support alternate access controllers (i.e. `AWS_MSK_IAM"`)
```
